When I first joined the military, I actually wanted to be a cryptologic
technician. And instead of taking the test, I think there's this test
called the D lab that you, uh, takes about an hour or two. And they,
um they tell you if you can learn a foreign language or not, rather
than give me that test, they actually had to take the nuclear test.
And because I did really well at that test, they kind of pushed
me into that, um, that field. I don't think it was the field that I
was, um, mainly interested in, and in fact, like I was kind of anti
engineering at the time. It worked out for me. In the end, I'm glad
that I had all of the experience that I that it wanted to with it.
But I think if I would have went to cryptologic route, um, that lifestyle,
I think, would have been more in line with what I was joining
the Navy for, and I think I would have benefited from a little bit
of help in determining, like how I could get into that field from the
get go